Him full blast in the face. And a bunch of people do it. They stomp him,
they kick him. I mean, he's out cold with his pants down.
They are kicking him in the head.
I don't think people realize videos,
the effects that one of those ERs can have on your psyche.
And I think when people,
they see something like the lion guy or dude who caught the foul ball in Cubs
game or, you know, Metzker or anything like that, or.
This say this lady.
With the eight year old girl, it comes at you from everything everywhere. Yeah.
And then the psych, like the, the, the zeitgeist moves on, you know,
people kind of move on and think something else.
They're still getting hundreds of stuff a day saying, you, you. you. Yeah.
It's still happening. And so you all move on, like, if nothing happened,
but everyone added to their, this, this overwhelming,
like this thing you can't get out. I still think Mexico's flailing off that off.
He's still trying to defend himself, all these attackers from five years ago.
Mm. Like three years ago. But like, you don't just come clean of that. Right.
So all of people adding like, Hey, you for killing that lion.
Like you've added to their break in psychology. Yeah.
It's not an easy thing to get over and you don't see it all,
but it's so much, I mean, Ren easy started.
I called him and his wife, Mike get offline right now, Ralphie too.
And that was happening to him. It was like,
you need to give this as a someone else cuz it won't do you any,
even if you know you're wrong, mm-hmm <affirmative> be easy.
Apologized to all of us six years earlier said, Hey, I'm sorry. I lied.
And we all made fun of him. That was over. He doesn't need other people going,
you, you lied. He goes, you. I know,
I already told everybody I know I was wrong. Yeah.
You don't need 10,000 people telling you that. Yeah.
Doesn't do anything for you when you've already said yes. I agree. Yeah.
You know, they don't, they don't care though.
They just want to get their licks in. Yeah. And it it's terrible.
They are the cultural equivalent to this bar fight. Yeah.
Kicking guysomebody Down's knocked out. He hits the free shots.
In's they also want you to know they're disappointed in you and express their
rage at you. I'm unfoowing you. Yeah.
That's all right. Just do it.
Don't tell why are you telling me<laugh> adorable with.
You? That's adorable when I let you know. Oh,
follow <laugh> Alex Jones was right.
Um, yeah. It's it's a, it's a nutty time we live in.
Yeah. It is a nutty time and it's a time of outrage.
There's there's outrage sport out there to be had.
And there's, you know, there's a legitimate outrage. There's a, both.
Both things are happening.
Mmhmm <affirmative> my friend told me about these people in DC, um,
pulled over on the side of the road, decently busy highway. Um,
maybe sunset Boulevard type thing, but not
businesses like that, but it busy, like let's say three lanes here,
three lanes there.
They sell these two kids walking home a 10 year old and eight year old just on
their own, just walking. Um, and this lady pulled over. What?
Who are you? Where's your parents? And they're like, I don't know.
I think they're probably at home. We're not sure. And she's like, well,
where are you going? She's like, we're going home. They're like,
where are you coming from? They're like, we're coming from the playground.
And she was like, no, no, you can't be on your own.
She called the cops and they got them, you know,
picked them up and got 'em to where they lived and their parents were there.
And like, what's all this. And they're like,
well you saw your kids walking alone. And they're like, yeah for the park.
Right. And they're like, yeah. They're like, yeah, we taught 'em how to do that.
And they're like, what do you mean? Like we taught them.
We walked with them from the park enough times.
And we taught our kids enough to where we trust that they can come home from the
park alone. We've taught them how to do that. We trust them with it.
And then people are like, oh, I guess so. And there was a split in the story.
Most people read it. 90% of the people who read it go, yes,
parents should be allowed to trust when their kids are trained enough to do
things like try anything at 16, that's a parent's decision. You know? Um,
10% of the people were like, no, I wouldn't do that with my that's them.
And those people reached out on Twitter on Facebook and said, you,
you should have your kids taken away from you. And that 10%,
even though 90% said, yeah, your parents should be able to teach their kids.
Whatever that 10% means.
Thousands of people coming at you saying you're a horrible teacher.
You're a horrible father. Imagine that if thousands of people say, you,
you're a bad father. You're ruining your kids. And it kept happening.
It affects you and they didn't do anything wrong.
They did tell you when 90% of people think, yeah, you're on the right here.
And you're still getting all this negativity. Well, nobody.
Ever it's, damagingaging a. And nobody ever is prepared for that.
No one's prepared for it.
No one agentsagencies should have,
should be on the ready to help their client deal with this when it happens.
Cuz it'll happen to almost everybody you'll have something.
That'll get blown outta proportion. Yeah. You gotta be.
You gotta get offline immediately.
Well,
do you think that some of it comes from people have this feeling that anybody
who is
in that sort of a situation with a clearly wrong yeah.
Is just an open target or target.
Them. I can go off on them. Look how easy it's do a Christianity joke.
Now look how hard it was back then. Mm-hmm <affirmative> the Scientology,
same thing. And south park broke it up and now you're like,
you're not brave for making in fun of Scientology now. Right?
We're a Christianity. Everybody's doing it. Yeah. That whole brave. So easy,
easy. Now dude, that in the sixties you have a problem.
Didn't that get exhausting, brave telling jokes. How much this be funny. Yeah,
but John Don am my rare. I had a great joke. It's even covered. He goes,
I got a great story. He goes, how about just a, a funny one you made up. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. True story. True story. Like I don't need a true story.
How about a good one? Yeah. He goes.
I don't need a true story. <laugh> yeah.
<Laugh> yeah. Wait, what were we just saying? I forget.
What were we just saying? Jamie? You forget too. God it. It marijuana.
It's got its side effects.
It does have its side effectsely has issue. There's no doubting that.
Yeah. We're talking about ER. Yeah. Um, yeah.
Medker's ER is pretty rough people.
He hasn't gotten out of that yet. No.
Yeah. People you, man. Say, you.
I just feel like we're stalled out in our cultural
evolution in a way that I feel like we're we're in these movements of
change. And I think I see a lot of positive things,
but I don't see nearly enough like friendliness and compassion.
I think we really need more of that as human beings. This is not lasting.
You're not going to last. No one's lasting, you know, you're gonna die.
We're all gonna die. We're here for a certain amount of time.
It's not permanent. And while you're here,
we can make everything better for everybody just being nicer to each other can
be done.
I mean, it's not going to be done. So I think, but it.
Can be done and little.
Drips. Yeah. I think what you do is gotta affect your own life. See,
I can't change it for everybody,
but what I can do is every time every read one of these blogs, make me angry.
Just go. I probably don't have the whole story on this.
Cause that's happened 20 times already. Oh for sure. So then it's like,
I'm not gonna get mad. You know? I am gonna,
I'm sure people are taking care of this. Yeah.
What I'm gonna do is go outside and enjoy some freedoms that I have like a park.
Yeah. You know,
actually enjoy your life instead of letting people take you down this horrible
road to hurt themhorrible road. You're hurting yourself. Yeah. And you're wrong.
You're hurting them. Yeah. get out there. Just leave. Call a friend,
go talk about something. Yeah.
It's just a strange time for, you know, just for saying anger.
you. You're wrong. you. you. you. You're wrong.
We never had like more of an open forum for debating ideas,
but people have never been more dogmatic and aggressive about their opinions
too. My God. And the left gets violent.
Now this is a weird thing that didn't used to happen before you saw Nick DePalo
get punched in the face. Yeah. By some woman at a show. It's so selfrighteous.
That you.
Feel like she just had to punch him in the face, got a giant black eye.
And it's like, you can't.
Be violent against someone. And, and they used to go, well look who you're.
Let's say it was like a dice type act mm-hmm <affirmative> and then some of
those people were like, hardcore kick a KPI. People like,
look who your fan base is. And you're like, that's not my fault.
I'm like asking 'em to be there. Right. Well, if you want that logic,
some of the people following you guys are pretty. Yeah.
I won't call you on that logic. Cause I'm at a hypocrite,
but like it ain't your fault. But like they are,
some of them are getting violent now. Yeah. It's crazy. They're so anti-free.
Speech it's it's so exchange of information, it becomes idea wars.
And when it becomes idea wars,
they get this anything necessary by any means necessary mentality <affirmative>
and they think let the justify the means there's professors out there have been
quoted to saying that they believe in, uh,
violence when there is no other solution supporting Antifa and Antifa's
disruptive violence and to, to take away oppressors and that free,
this is a big one. This is one that has been coming up lately. More, more often,
even the a C L U changes, stance on free speed each. And they,
they they're deeming free speech as something that's not hurtful to someone
else. Well, that's not what free speech is. Like what is the most recent one?
Oh, when they go hurtful, they,
what was the most recent reading about free speech?
There was something about the a C L U stance on free speech. Well, you can't.
Infringe. My belief is you can't infringe on your fine.
As long as you don't infringe in the rights of someone else. Right?
So like you can burn a flag if you want,
but you can't burn a flag in my apartment. I.
Don't think, I think they're shifting it. Right. But if.
You concern, right, if you go to what harm is mm-hmm <affirmative> it's like,
are we just talking like a physical harm or monetary physical,
or now we talk about like slight mental harm. Well.
If it's racism, it's clearly emotional.
Harm, mental harm. You're you're damaging. Someone's psyche.
If you're dismissing them in a racist way or you're insulting them in a racist
way. I think that's one, you have to start applying out to white people.
Here's the problem with saying, okay, so I heard this theory that like,
what if making.
Fun of white people and dismissing white people? Yeah, because I like.
You white guy. You don't know anything. It's like, all right, well that's,
you've just put me into a category. I'm just racist human. I, I mean,
I know you don't like when people do that to you,
so I don't know why you're using those methods now. It doesn't make sense to me.
Well, it's the tide coming in and out, right? Yeah. The,
the whites owned slaves for so long and it was so oppressive that now,
as it's shifted back,
there's still economic despair and all black neighbor hoods cuz of racist laws
and things haven't bouncd out yet. So you're allowed to go white people. Yeah.
So you're allowed to say white people until it goes this way and this way.
And then evens.
Out.
We got to the point where you're hitting on Christians and I'm not a Christian.
I don't care for them. Uh, especially Catholics,
but like we're on them now is like, Hey, Hey, come on, leave them alone.
They they're they're honestly, all they do is take abuse. Now,
all they're doing is trying to worship their gut. You guys are on them and,
and calling them yolkles leave them alone for a minute. Yeah.
They're they they're down. They're down. You got 'em down.
You're not punching down. If you wanna punch. If you're on on a.
Catholic. Yeah. Unless they're kids catching yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You'll let go.
Do whatever you want. Join in. Wait, wait, what? No. Right? What you said,
what you said <laugh>.
That is, I mean, that is one of the darkest things that they accused of.
Transferring.
People.
Go rape some, all over the place. That was the Pope Pope did that.
Yeah. There's an organiz. The guy who talks to God is yeah.
That's that's what God told him to say. Anyway, he.
Moved somebody who went on to rape a hundred deaf kids. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. A hundred.
Yeah. Um.
What the man? Yeah. You look into that guy's background. Rattsinger look into,
I mean, there's several cases of that.
There's so many there's documentaries on it. I think speak new evils.
One of the documentaries of, uh, different priests that were just molesting.
Just scores of kids. Yeah.
And they interview the guys they're monsters. It's so crazy, man. I mean,
they were just, that's what they did. That's what everybody did to them.
That's what they did. And they got away with it forever. Every once.
In a while,
someone will point out some like Jewish rabbi that like has raped a kid or
something like that. And so I see it happens in Judaism too.
What is this? ACLU's long standing commitment to defending speech.
We hate is this recent good? That's.
What they should be doing is in response to.
This. Oh, of somebody pub uh,
someone's criticism published in the wall street journal a uh,
is different from those challenges to our work.
Her critique is pre is predicted how predicated on a fundamental
misrepresentation.
She falsely accused of the a C L U of having secretly change his policy and
regarding free speech and of launching an investigation to determine who leaked
the secret, uh, air quote, uh, quote leaked, and then quote,
secret document that she claims revealed this assertted change in policy.
In fact,
the a C L U remains fully committed to defending free speech as the document
she cites expresslyaffirms expresslyirms um, hashtag fake news.
So somebody put out some fake news, according to the a C L U good.
I heard somebody say, it's hard to tell you should, you should not be able to,
uh, it was like, I know something. Um, and say,
once there's violence committed because of your, um, organization,
mm-hmm <affirmative>,
you can no longer say you're not a terrorist organization or you can no longer
say, uh, you have the right to protest when it causes violence.
And then this is on NPR actually. And then the coast was like, okay.
So just so you know, though, under the, and they're our liberal group, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> um, not crazy, but like liberal, right. And the guy. Okay.
Just so you know, then they'll apply that same thing to, uh, black lives matter.
And he like, what do you mean? Like, well,
that guy who killed two cops because of the black lives matter. If,
if you're gonna say the follow words decide whether or not it's,
then we have to outlaw black lives matter. And the guy was like, oh no, no, no,
no, no, no. We can't do that. I was like, all right,
well then you can't say Charlotte people don't have a right to say, go home.
Kekes you're taking our jobs. They can say it. It's fine. They can say it.
It sucks. They can say it. Yeah. All of it. You gotta say all of it.
You can, you can roll your to say that guy's an idiot. That's your right.
You don't stop them from talking because then it keeps going to the point where
rap is getting boycotted in America.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you can't put your out. It, it goes,
it will always go to a point where it'd be super, super repressive.
Well, if one person who is doing anything wrong, can't speak,
you've done something.
Wrong. Yeah. You could easily compromise a group too.
And turn it into a terrorist yeah. Organization by infiltrating it,
having someone cause violence. And that then what they.
Occupy wall street. Exactly.
They would send in some undercover cops mm-hmm to start fist fights. Yep.
And then they get like, go home. This fist fights now.